Life before Death. Strength before Weakness. Journey before Destination.
And so, does the destination matter? Or is it the path we take? I declare that no accomplishment has substance nearly as great as the road used to achieve it. We are not creatures of destinations. It is the journey that shapes us. Our callused feet, our backs strong from carrying the weight of our travels, our eyes open with the fresh delight of experiences lived.
Sometimes the prize is not worth the costs. The means by which we achieve victory are as important as the victory itself.
To lack feeling is to be dead, but to act on every feeling is to be a child.
Somebody has to start. Somebody has to step forward and do what is right, because it is right.
Expectations were like fine pottery. The harder you held them, the more likely they were to crack.
I believe that my own morality -- which answers only to my heart -- is more sure and true than the morality of those who do right only because they fear retribution.
Strength does not make one capable of rule; it makes one capable of service.
In the end, all men die. How you lived will be far more important than what you accomplished.
Ah, the outdoors,' Shallan said. 'I visited that mythical place once.
The purpose of a storyteller is not to tell you how to think , but to give you questions to think upon. Too often, we forget that.
Too many of us take great pains with what we ingest through our mouths, and far less with what we partake of through our ears and eyes
An excuse is what you make after the deed is done, while a justification is what you offer before.
Duty is heavy as heavy as a mountain, death is light as a feather.
If you must mount the gallows, give a jest to the crowd, a coin to the hangman, and make a drop with a smile on your face
The fact that the price must be paid is proof it is worth paying.
He was swimming in a sea of other people’s expectations. Men had drowned in seas like that.
Anyone who claimed that old age had brought them patience was either lying or senile.
